Okay.
For my mom and dad i am the only child
With everyone together, my mom's says they are three of us.
and each of us have a different dad.
And on my dad's side there was...
Stepmom had a daughter and she was like my age, maybe almost a year older.
And so we got along really good and then they have five kids together.
Yeah, food family.
No while
when I would go to my dad's house, like they never invited my brother to come or anything like that.
They considered very separate
Umm it's just craziness
Umm yeah and so but
My brothers and sisters, meeting my older , my step sister
I don't see them as anything but my brothers and sisters because I don't know any different.
They are just yeah, they're just my brothers and sisters.
But I would always compare the different households.
Yeah, because you had chaos and and...
all kinds of craze and drama queens
you got stability and love but it was chaos because of there were so many kids
but it was more like you had a dad who was...
Both working and then...
My stepmom eventually went back to work but it's like...
They were two people established stable.
Everything was good, they had like a home, they kept the same homes.
where my mom's house was like crazy(***)
novella style, right? And so
There was a lot of, just a lot of.
So i feel completely different how i felt. And I didn't feel like I fit in either.
But my grandpa's house was like...
Yeah, and so I was really close with my cousins too.
It was weird because on my mom's side of the family...
None of us really had our dads in the picture. Our grandfather was like our dad.
Yeah, and i did see my dad..
I mean, I went to their house every other weekend.
So it's not like he was, you know, but I mean...
He was going to school, he was working.
He was a father of like, you know, seven kids.
So I understand
adult after therapy.
I had a real like with him before.
with all of them until I like until I went through
therapy and God kind of revealed to me a therapy that gave me a different perspective.
Not necessarily because they didn't love you, they didn't care for you but they were young when all that happened.
and they needed to figure out themselves.
and they had other stuff going on and unfortunately you fell through the cracks.
So once I realized it wasn't like a personal thing.
I mean it still kind of shows a little bit, but I mean I'm healed with that now and I'm forgiven.
and then move passed out but
But it's crazy what if i (***)
right
Did you live together?
Right.
Yeah, that's a bigger step.
Yeah, yeah
would you see him like..
so to like take care of towards his father..father's house or..
or his
Oh wow.
uh huh
Wow, what an interesting...
but like at the house did he always like see your dad as his dad?
Or not worthy